README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Terraform Modules: Cloudflare Pages for Hugo Projects

> :warning: This project is in active development. A proper release process will be added shortly. In the meantime, make sure you [select a ref](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources#selecting-a-revision) based on a commit SHA to avoid breaking your Terraform pipelines.

This Terraform module simplifies the process of setting up Cloudflare Pages for your [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) projects. Cloudflare Pages provides a powerful platform for hosting static websites, and with this module, you can effortlessly deploy your Hugo-based sites with Cloudflare's global network.

Key Features:

* Effortless Deployment: Easily deploy your Hugo projects to Cloudflare Pages with Terraform.
* Optimized for Hugo: Designed specifically for Hugo projects, ensuring seamless integration and optimal performance.
* Customization: Customize deployment configurations to suit your project requirements.
* Infrastructure as Code: Define your Cloudflare Pages setup as code using Terraform, enabling versioning, collaboration, and automation.

## Quick Start Guide

### Single Project

```hcl
module "cloudflare_pages_hugo_project" {
  source       = "github.com/komailio/terraform-modules-cloudflare-pages-hugo"
  account_id   = "my-cloudflare-account-id"
  project_name = "komailio"
  repo_owner   = "komailo"
  repo_name    = "komail.io"
  custom_domains = [
    # Don't add www records, they will be created for you if `alias_www` is set to true (the default) in the module parameters.
    {
      name    = "komail.io"
      zone_id = "my_zone_id"
    },
  ]
}
```

### Multiple Projects

```hcl
locals {
  account_id = "123456789"
  cloudflare_pages = [
    {
      name       = "komailio"
      repo_owner = "komailo"
      repo_name  = "komail.io"
      custom_domains = [
        # Don't add www records, they will be created for you if `alias_www` is set to true (the default) in the module parameters.
        {
          name    = "komail.io"
          zone_id = "my_zone_id"
        },
      ]
    }
  ]
}

module "cloudflare_pages_hugo_project" {
  for_each       = { for cloudflare_page in local.cloudflare_pages : cloudflare_page.name => cloudflare_page }
  source         = "github.com/komailo/terraform-modules-cloudflare-pages-hugo"
  account_id     = local.account_id
  project_name   = each.key
  repo_owner     = each.value.repo_owner
  repo_name      = each.value.repo_name
  custom_domains = each.value.custom_domains
}
```



## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | The Cloudflare account ID. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | The name of the Cloudflare pages project. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repo_name"></a> [repo\_name](#input\_repo\_name) | The name of the repository. This is the part after the `repo_owner` in the repository slug. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repo_owner"></a> [repo\_owner](#input\_repo\_owner) | The owner of the repository. This is the very first part of the repository slug. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_alias_www"></a> [alias\_www](#input\_alias\_www) | If true, an alias record (CNAME) `www` will be created for all custom domains | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_build_root_dir"></a> [build\_root\_dir](#input\_build\_root\_dir) | The root directory in the repository where the build command should be run. Defaults to the root of the repository. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_domains"></a> [custom\_domains](#input\_custom\_domains) | A list of custom domains to associate with the project. Do not add domains with www. prefix here, use the `alias_www` variable instead. Each custom domain must have a `name` and `zone_id` attribute. The `name` attribute is the domain name and the `zone_id` attribute is the Cloudflare zone ID for the domain. | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_deployments_enabled"></a> [deployments\_enabled](#input\_deployments\_enabled) | Enable deployments for the project. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_environment_variables"></a> [environment\_variables](#input\_environment\_variables) | A map of environment variables to set for the project in production and preview deployments. The map key is the environment variable name and the value is the environment variable value. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_pr_comments_enabled"></a> [pr\_comments\_enabled](#input\_pr\_comments\_enabled) | Enable Cloudflare Pages to comment on Pull Requests if preview deployments are enabled. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_preview_environment_variables"></a> [preview\_environment\_variables](#input\_preview\_environment\_variables) | A map of environment variables to set for the project in preview deployments in precedence to `environment_variables`. The map key is the environment variable name and the value is the environment variable value. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_production_branch"></a> [production\_branch](#input\_production\_branch) | The Git branch to use for production deployments. | `string` | `"main"` | no |
| <a name="input_production_environment_variables"></a> [production\_environment\_variables](#input\_production\_environment\_variables) | A map of environment variables to set for the project in production deployments in precedence to `environment_variables`. The map key is the environment variable name and the value is the environment variable value. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_repo_type"></a> [repo\_type](#input\_repo\_type) | The SCM platform where the repository is hosted. Valid values are 'github' or 'gitlab'. | `string` | `"github"` | no |





## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#provider\_cloudflare) | ~> 4.0 |

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.1 |
| <a name="requirement_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#requirement\_cloudflare) | ~> 4.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [cloudflare_pages_domain.page_domains](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/pages_domain) | resource |
| [cloudflare_pages_domain.www_alias](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/pages_domain) | resource |
| [cloudflare_pages_project.cloudflare_pages_hugo_github_project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/pages_project) | resource |
| [cloudflare_record.page_domains](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |
| [cloudflare_record.www_alias](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## Terraform Cannot Enable Web Analytics

At this time its not possible to enable Web Analytics from Terraform.
The API token permission required is not known. You will have to manually create a Web Analytics resource and use the keys.

https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare/issues/2517#issuecomment-1617849763
https://community.cloudflare.com/t/which-api-token-permissions-are-required-for-cloudflare-web-analytics-site/603102

Commit message:

add option to provide build_command (#8)
Co-authored-by: Restyled.io <commits@restyled.io>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Terraform Modules: Cloudflare Pages for Hugo Projects

> :warning: This project is in active development. A proper release process will be added shortly. In the meantime, make sure you [select a ref](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources#selecting-a-revision) based on a commit SHA to avoid breaking your Terraform pipelines.

This Terraform module simplifies the process of setting up Cloudflare Pages for your [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) projects. Cloudflare Pages provides a powerful platform for hosting static websites, and with this module, you can effortlessly deploy your Hugo-based sites with Cloudflare's global network.

Key Features:

* Effortless Deployment: Easily deploy your Hugo projects to Cloudflare Pages with Terraform.
* Optimized for Hugo: Designed specifically for Hugo projects, ensuring seamless integration and optimal performance.
* Customization: Customize deployment configurations to suit your project requirements.
* Infrastructure as Code: Define your Cloudflare Pages setup as code using Terraform, enabling versioning, collaboration, and automation.

## Quick Start Guide

### Single Project

```hcl
module "cloudflare_pages_hugo_project" {
  source       = "github.com/komailio/terraform-modules-cloudflare-pages-hugo"
  account_id   = "my-cloudflare-account-id"
  project_name = "komailio"
  repo_owner   = "komailo"
  repo_name    = "komail.io"
  custom_domains = [
    # Don't add www records, they will be created for you if `alias_www` is set to true (the default) in the module parameters.
    {
      name    = "komail.io"
      zone_id = "my_zone_id"
    },
  ]
}
```

### Multiple Projects

```hcl
locals {
  account_id = "123456789"
  cloudflare_pages = [
    {
      name       = "komailio"
      repo_owner = "komailo"
      repo_name  = "komail.io"
      custom_domains = [
        # Don't add www records, they will be created for you if `alias_www` is set to true (the default) in the module parameters.
        {
          name    = "komail.io"
          zone_id = "my_zone_id"
        },
      ]
    }
  ]
}

module "cloudflare_pages_hugo_project" {
  for_each       = { for cloudflare_page in local.cloudflare_pages : cloudflare_page.name => cloudflare_page }
  source         = "github.com/komailo/terraform-modules-cloudflare-pages-hugo"
  account_id     = local.account_id
  project_name   = each.key
  repo_owner     = each.value.repo_owner
  repo_name      = each.value.repo_name
  custom_domains = each.value.custom_domains
}
```



## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | The Cloudflare account ID. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | The name of the Cloudflare pages project. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repo_name"></a> [repo\_name](#input\_repo\_name) | The name of the repository. This is the part after the `repo_owner` in the repository slug. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repo_owner"></a> [repo\_owner](#input\_repo\_owner) | The owner of the repository. This is the very first part of the repository slug. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_alias_www"></a> [alias\_www](#input\_alias\_www) | If true, an alias record (CNAME) `www` will be created for all custom domains | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_build_command"></a> [build\_command](#input\_build\_command) | The build command to use for building the application | `string` | `"hugo"` | no |
| <a name="input_build_root_dir"></a> [build\_root\_dir](#input\_build\_root\_dir) | The root directory in the repository where the build command should be run. Defaults to the root of the repository. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_domains"></a> [custom\_domains](#input\_custom\_domains) | A list of custom domains to associate with the project. Do not add domains with www. prefix here, use the `alias_www` variable instead. Each custom domain must have a `name` and `zone_id` attribute. The `name` attribute is the domain name and the `zone_id` attribute is the Cloudflare zone ID for the domain. | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_deployments_enabled"></a> [deployments\_enabled](#input\_deployments\_enabled) | Enable deployments for the project. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_environment_variables"></a> [environment\_variables](#input\_environment\_variables) | A map of environment variables to set for the project in production and preview deployments. The map key is the environment variable name and the value is the environment variable value. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_pr_comments_enabled"></a> [pr\_comments\_enabled](#input\_pr\_comments\_enabled) | Enable Cloudflare Pages to comment on Pull Requests if preview deployments are enabled. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_preview_environment_variables"></a> [preview\_environment\_variables](#input\_preview\_environment\_variables) | A map of environment variables to set for the project in preview deployments in precedence to `environment_variables`. The map key is the environment variable name and the value is the environment variable value. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_production_branch"></a> [production\_branch](#input\_production\_branch) | The Git branch to use for production deployments. | `string` | `"main"` | no |
| <a name="input_production_environment_variables"></a> [production\_environment\_variables](#input\_production\_environment\_variables) | A map of environment variables to set for the project in production deployments in precedence to `environment_variables`. The map key is the environment variable name and the value is the environment variable value. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_repo_type"></a> [repo\_type](#input\_repo\_type) | The SCM platform where the repository is hosted. Valid values are 'github' or 'gitlab'. | `string` | `"github"` | no |





## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#provider\_cloudflare) | ~> 4.0 |

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.1 |
| <a name="requirement_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#requirement\_cloudflare) | ~> 4.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [cloudflare_pages_domain.page_domains](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/pages_domain) | resource |
| [cloudflare_pages_domain.www_alias](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/pages_domain) | resource |
| [cloudflare_pages_project.cloudflare_pages_hugo_github_project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/pages_project) | resource |
| [cloudflare_record.page_domains](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |
| [cloudflare_record.www_alias](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## Terraform Cannot Enable Web Analytics

At this time its not possible to enable Web Analytics from Terraform.
The API token permission required is not known. You will have to manually create a Web Analytics resource and use the keys.

https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare/issues/2517#issuecomment-1617849763
https://community.cloudflare.com/t/which-api-token-permissions-are-required-for-cloudflare-web-analytics-site/603102
